Profile readme (#1)
partiql/.github: profile/README.md

<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="PartiQL_Logo_Dark.svg">
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="PartiQL_Logo_Light.svg">

>         <img src="PartiQL_Logo_Dark.svg" alt="PartiQL Logo" width="300" height="300">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <img src="PartiQL_Logo_Dark.svg" alt="PartiQL Logo" width="100" height="100">
```

Just a preference, but it looks a bit big when rendered

    </picture>
</p>

> PartiQL is an expressive, SQL-compatible query language giving access to relational, semi-structured, and nested data. PartiQL is open sourced under the Apache 2.0 License. 

Reviewer 2: PartiQL code, including reference implementations, is Apache 2.
But the language spec is Licensed a bit differently: https://github.com/partiql/partiql-lang/blob/main/LICENSE

Author: How you like the purposed changes?

Reviewer: I recommend just leaving the last sentence out at the moment.

```suggestion
PartiQL is an expressive, SQL-compatible query language giving access to relational, semi-structured, and nested data.
```

> PartiQL is an expressive, SQL-compatible query language giving access to relational, semi-structured, and nested data. PartiQL is open sourced under the Apache 2.0 License. 

Author: ```suggestion
PartiQL is an expressive, SQL-compatible query language giving access to relational, semi-structured, and nested data. 

PartiQL code, including the reference implementations, is open sourced under the Apache 2.0 License. 
```

> PartiQL is an expressive, SQL-compatible query language giving access to relational, semi-structured, and nested data. PartiQL is Open Sourced under PartiQL is open-sourced under the Apache 2.0 License. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PartiQL is an expressive, SQL-compatible query language giving access to relational, semi-structured, and nested data. PartiQL is open sourced under the Apache 2.0 License. 
```

## Contributions

> * If you have questions or ideas towards PartiQL as a Language, check out our [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/orgs/partiql/discussions) forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have questions or suggestions about the PartiQL Language, please check out our [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/orgs/partiql/discussions) forum.
```

> * If you have questions or suggestions about the PartiQL Language, please check out our [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/orgs/partiql/discussions) forum.
> * Please see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md) file to learn how to contribute.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you have questions or suggestions about the PartiQL Language, please check out our [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/orgs/partiql/discussions) forum.
* If you want to contribute to the language specification, please check out our [RFC process](https://github.com/partiql/partiql-lang/blob/main/RFC-template.adoc). 
* Please see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md) file to learn how to contribute to our reference implementations.
```

> * Check out the [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md) file to learn how to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Please see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md) file to learn how to contribute.
```
